well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
so uh today we're gonna talk about bad
days
responsibility in woodward
talk about what he is uh released
you know i i was a security consultant
security consultants you're not paid for
what you do on a daily basis because you
don't do much
be completely honest you're paid for
what you can do
on the days when your client has a bad
day
when something goes wrong they need help
they need advice they need leadership
they need somebody with the right
information to step in
that's really what the job is
in a lot of ways that's the president's
job
as well
he is in theory
the person the united states calls on
when we have a collective bad day
somebody who has access to the
information
who can advise and lead
i'm not going to go through all of
woodward's uh
release i'm not going to go through all
the quotes because i think you need to
go listen to it
yourself i think you need to read those
quotes yourself
i think you need to pay special
attention to the dates
of those interviews
early on the president
knew that there was uh
asymptomatic transmission early on
he knew transmitted by breathing
which means from that point forward he
should have been advocating for masks
but he didn't because he likes to
downplay it
he knew how deadly it was
saying it's five times as deadly as our
most strenuous flu
he gave numbers associated with the
number of lost
to flu each year
five times that 150 000
he knew he knew that
we're sitting at almost two hundred
thousand now because he did nothing
because he didn't act
because it was politically advantageous
to ignore reality to lie to the american
people
to fail in every regard
when it comes to leadership when it
comes to just passing on information
maybe had he not actively worked against
the american people they would have made
the right choice
themselves they just had the information
most times people will
at the end of the day the president of
the united states donald trump
failed the united states
when it called on him when we were
having a bad
day he accepts no responsibility
and to be crystal clear
whoever accepts responsibility for it
is accepting responsibility for tens
of thousands of needless deaths
he did nothing we could have mitigated
this
this could have been nothing not just
would have saved lives it would have
helped the economy
we'd be done at least on the
at least on the declining side of it
whereas right now
we don't know what's going to happen
because he refused to act he refused to
step up
he never should have been in that role
he's completely unqualified
there are more bad days coming
the united states will have more bad
days
in the coming years
i for one would not
want somebody who has failed
at this level to be the person i have to
call
anyway it's just a thought
you all have a good day